Add The First osu! Manga: osu! Combat Championship news post (#10142)
ppy/osu-wiki: news/2023/2023-11-17-the-first-osu-manga-osu-combat-championship.md

---
layout: post
title: "The First osu! Manga: osu! Combat Championship"
date: 2023-11-17 13:00:00 +0000
---

> WhiteCat immerses himself in a once-in-a-lifetime combat-style tournament. The stakes are high as he battles it out to claim the coveted #1 title and have his wish granted!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
WhiteCat immerses himself in a once-in-a-lifetime combat tournament. The stakes are high as he battles it out to claim the coveted #1 title and have his wish granted!
```

![](/wiki/shared/news/2023-11-17-the-first-osu-manga-osu-combat-championship/banner.jpg)

**Calling all osu! enthusiasts!**

> Prepare yourselves for a journey like none other, as we introduce the highly anticipated **osu! Combat Championship** (OCC) manga!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Prepare yourselves for a journey like none other, as we introduce **osu! Combat Championship** (OCC)!
```

> Join us as we delve into the captivating storyline that follows the path of WhiteCat, a skilled player, immersing themselves in a once-in-a-lifetime combat-style tournament where participants battle it out for the ultimate goal: attaining the prestigious rank 1 title and having any wish granted. Get ready to experience exhilarating art, intense rivalries, and delve deeper into our unique spin on the world of osu!.

Reviewer: repetition

```suggestion
Join us as we delve into the captivating storyline that follows the path of WhiteCat, a skilled player, taking on formidable enemies in a tournament for the ultimate prize: attaining the prestigious rank #1 title and having any wish granted. Get ready to experience exhilarating art, intense rivalries, and delve deeper into a unique spin on the world of osu!.
```

For those eager to dive into the manga and skip the introductions, simply click the button below to head over to Mangadex and start reading.

<p class="osu-md__paragraph" align="center">
  <a href="https://mangadex.org/title/f1d50eba-6ace-4490-8439-07692fda3b9c/osu-combat-championship">
    <img src="/wiki/shared/news/2023-11-17-the-first-osu-manga-osu-combat-championship/read-now.png" alt="Click here to read">
  </a>
</p>

> Curious about which of your favorite players are in The osu! Combat Championship manga? Check out the character introductions below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Curious about which of your favourite players will partake in the osu! Combat Championship? Read on below to find out and click the banners to view the full artworks.
```

[![](/wiki/shared/news/2023-11-17-the-first-osu-manga-osu-combat-championship/WhiteCat.jpg)](https://assets.ppy.sh/media/news/manga-occ/WhiteCat.png)

> WhiteCat exudes an air of aloofness, often carrying a sense of tension, but beneath the surface lies intelligence and a careful choice of words. His determination and focus were forged through a tragic event in his youth when he lost his brother, BlackDog, in an incident involving mrekk. WhiteCat has harboured blame toward mrekk for his loss, yet he grapples with a moral dilemma: should he seek revenge or aspire to become the greatest osu! player through fair means? At the age of 15, WhiteCat's uncontrollable power led to a berserk episode, with Peppy being the only one capable of stopping him.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
WhiteCat exudes an air of aloofness, often carrying a sense of tension, but beneath the surface lies intelligence and a careful choice of words. His determination and focus were forged through a tragic event in his youth when he lost his brother, BlackDog, in an incident involving mrekk. WhiteCat has harboured blame toward mrekk for his loss, yet he grapples with a moral dilemma: should he seek revenge, or aspire to become the greatest osu! player through fair means? At the age of 15, WhiteCat's uncontrollable power led to a berserk episode, with peppy being the only one capable of stopping him.
```

Author: peppy

[![](/wiki/shared/news/2023-11-17-the-first-osu-manga-osu-combat-championship/Kariyu.jpg)](https://assets.ppy.sh/media/news/manga-occ/Kariyu.png)

Kariyu is an extroverted and playful individual. He revels in being a jokester and easily captivates a broad audience. As a child, he harboured a strong desire to emulate his idol, Vaxei. In pursuit of this dream, he embarked on a solo journey to the new continent and returned with a newfound companion, Cooper. Together, they have embarked on countless adventures and taken part in numerous tournaments.

[![](/wiki/shared/news/2023-11-17-the-first-osu-manga-osu-combat-championship/xootynator.jpg)](https://assets.ppy.sh/media/news/manga-occ/xootynator.png)

An extroverted and composed individual, xootynator exudes boundless optimism. Her quest for enjoyment is inseparable from her determination to make her mark in the predominantly male-dominated arena of combat. Fuelled by the excitement of battle and a commitment to shatter gender barriers, xootynator also finds immense joy in the world of art, with a particular fondness for birds.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

---

```

> Meet WhiteCat, mrekk, and a bunch of other interesting characters in the OCC manga! Each one's got their own unique style and story. As you flip through those character panels, you're in for a diverse crew — some cool, some quirky, but all ready to bring their own flavour to the OCC manga! It's a character buffet of people you already know, so get ready to dig in and enjoy the ride!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Meet WhiteCat, mrekk, and a bunch of other interesting characters in the OCC manga! Each one's got their own unique style and story. If you didn't already notice from the character introductions, you're in for a diverse crew — some cool, some quirky, but all ready to bring their own flavour to the story! It's a character buffet of people you already know, so get ready to dig in and enjoy the ride!
```
